fix to show product name on autocomplete options (#166)
vtex-apps/quickorder: CHANGELOG.md

## [3.15.3] - 2024-06-10

### Changed

> - Adjust autocomplete list to show product name rather then product sku name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adjust autocomplete list to show product name rather than just the sku name
```
